hello good evening the iem
I have an other question
that make me blondel affirm
so I do not know who is good
expertise the snow this growing
that he made each and every one of his leaders most need to sing
I wanted to ask you how much it would cost to buy 200 grams of kitchen curtain
curly natural fenin 70 centimeters long
and what measures the price
and if you sell clips piqué megas the price the kings also wanted you
ask if there are hair curtains
Very long natural remy
to longer than 70 centimeters long and very populated that come well from
quantity
I also wanted to ask you if after what do you answer these
questions I could approach the room to see seven what you have is from me
Thank you without any commitment thank you very much hello I wish there was more
professionals like
good many thanks for your question well
We fight so many thanks for your question
let's see percent and
we have but of many lengths many lengths
per cent what I work more are 40 50 and 60 centimeters for 70
centimeters is a hair at 40
70 centimeters and passed 70 centimeters
percent we have already
for him 70 centimeters I do not have to sing to people
but in addition to 70 centimeters the store has to load
with which in case you can come to the room and I'll teach you then
hair like mine
this is 40 centimeters
the one below is 60 centimeters and you can send it to us here in
states we have
there is a problem but for 70 centimeters and more than 70 centimeters
It is custom made
go through the room by supposeísimo I teach you the quality
and the same quality that we have of 50 we have it of 70 and of more than 70 with it
which one
if you like the quality
we charge are to take for 70 centimeters 24 hours for a little
longer
between 48 and 72 hours about three days approximately but yes there are
the actress and model hair
imagine that there are people who
What does the hair have in the mountain areas?
hair of this one
percent to go through the salon viatri the prices without any kind of
problem
and I appreciate your query I'm glad you like the buildings I look for my
videos bogotá subscribe
the same I say to all of you and you like my vices voted
subscribed two
and any question you have any question any doubt something
let it pass through my head send me sublime
and I try as quickly as possible to contact you many thanks and a
health greeting from legazpi also